[singing in Japanese]
[upbeat music playing]
[narrator] What an adventure
it has been thus far.
It all started when Jean
met Nadia
at the World Exposition
in Paris.
At the time, she was pursued
by ruthless jewel thieves
who wanted to get their hands
on her gem, the Blue Water.
After a daring
escape in Jean's airplane
and a terrifying stay
on an American battleship,
our heroes and villains were
stranded on a strange island.
Jean and Nadia made
a new friend in young Marie,
who was soon captured along
with Nadia by the evil Gargoyle.
The wicked man showed Nadia
his new weapon,
the Tower of Babel,
which was capable of destroying
an entire island.
Jean rescued Nadia
from Gargoyle's clutches
and the villain's compound
was destroyed by Captain Nemo's
submarine, Nautilus.
Jean and the others boarded
the Nautilus where Grandis
promptly fell in love
with the reticent captain.
Nemo and Nadia
seem destined to meet
as the captain also possessed
the Blue Water Gem.
And so they began their new life
aboard the Nautilus
trying to fit into
the very strange environment.
After surviving attacks of every
sort and losing close friends,
the Nautilus was challenged by
a Neo Atlantean air battleship.
After a dreadful midair siege
that tore the submarine
to shreds
and caused Grandis and
her boys
to be hurled towards
the horizon,
the mighty Nautilus was sunk
by Gargoyle's hideous invention.
Nadia soon learned that Nemo
had caused the destruction of
his beloved homeland
and had vowed
to destroy Gargoyle
and his liege,
Emperor Neo, at all cost.
However, Nemo's reluctance
to give Nadia's life for victory
led to betrayal
from his first officer, Electra,
who revealed
that Nemo was Nadia's father.
As Nemo released the children
from the embattled submarine,
he told Nadia
only one thing. Live.
And so our story continues.
[engine rumbling]
What's the matter?
Is something wrong?
Where are Hanson and Sanson?
And where did everybody go?
Why are you crying, Nadia?
[cries]
I'll go look for the others now.
[giggles]
Don't touch that button!
Why can't I?
Nobody is...
Is what?
Nobody is there.
Everybody's gone.
This is no fun.
[gasps] Hey, King, let's play.
[giggling]
[both humming]
Where are we going?
Nadia?
[machine beeps]
Father?
[Electra] Until the day
your real daughter appeared
before you with her Blue Water.
Why did you go back
to being an ordinary father?
Why couldn't you remain
the man I fell in love with?
No! Please don't do it.
Don't shoot him.
[gunshot]
Nemo? That's interesting.
If I remember my Latin,
Nemo means "nobody."
No. I'm frightened of this ship.
Captain Nemo, I--
Captain, I would also like you
to meet Marie, King, and Nadia.
He is a consummate
sailor, isn't he?
[laughs] At ease, Officer Jean.
I'm glad to see
you took leave of the books.
It is such a beautiful day.
It is because
the captain is a good man.
Perhaps I have said too much.
He is the diamond of the sea
and a true man among men.
[gunshot]
Why did you have to kill him?
He was already badly injured.
That man had a gun
pointed right at you, Nadia.
You-- you're a murderer. Killer.
If you can't see,
there's no use explaining it.
Stop that. Don't evade me.
Nadia, I want you to know
you have made me very sad.
[Marie] We're playing the organ.
Me and King are
playing the organ.
And we're singing.
And when we sing,
it sounds like this.
♪ La, la, la, la
♪ La, la, la, la, la
And now we're done. [giggles]
[Jean] Nadia, look at this.
-Huh?
-See these? Just look.
These encyclopedias have
everything about the world
written inside of them.
Look. Philosophy,
Religion, Literature, Medicine,
and History in three volumes.
And there are entire volumes
about Physics, Chemistry,
Earth Sciences, and Astronomy.
Everything you want
to learn is in these books.
Well, can those books tell me
-what will happen to us then?
-Huh?
We're trapped
in this awful place
and we don't know where
we're going.
We might sink to
the bottom of the sea and drown
or Gargoyle might be waiting for
us if we ever reach the surface.
If those books are such a help,
then they should get us out of
this mess.
Hey, don't get so worried.
This capsule is full of air
so we'll eventually rise to
the surface.
We have plenty
of emergency rations on board,
and it's constructed of
the strongest metal in the world
to protect us
against anything we might hit.
Well, it's been
hit by depth charges.
It's a miracle the walls haven't
collapsed on top of us by now.
[screams]
See? It's not so
wonderful now, is it?
[grunting]
[water bubbling]
[sighs]
I guess this room was
severely damaged in the attack.
Any sudden shock could cause the
walls to implode at any time.
We better keep quiet
and we probably shouldn't
move around too much.
-That's right.
-I'll be quiet.
[dramatic music playing]
Can we talk now? Huh?
[both] No!
I'd like to play with King
and I want to play with him now.
[both] Shh!
[shivers]
[sneezes]
Sorry. I'm catching a cold.
[rumbling]
Huh?
[water splashing]
[all screaming]
This is why I can never
put my faith in science, Jean.
That's why, Jean.
You better do
something right away.
Right. This calls for a man.
[gulping]
I never expected you
to do something like that.
See? I can do things right.
[chuckles, hiccups]
[screams]
I apologize for sneezing.
I promise to do
better from now on.
[sneezes]
Well, we're sure
to drown now, Jean.
That's it.
We must open that hatch.
[Nadia] What?
But opening the hatch will
let even more water rush in.
Even Marie and King here
can figure that one out.
No, no, no, no, no.
If we let the water rush in,
then the rest of the air will
rush out
at the exact same time.
-Then what?
-Then this.
Air is much lighter than water
so it will rise towards
the surface immediately.
We can catch the escaping
air bubbles under the umbrella
and hold on tightly.
The air will push anything
in front of it
towards the surface as it rises.
Therefore, with
the air pushing the umbrella
and us attached to it,
we'll be up above in no time.
See? Pretty
ingenious idea, isn't it?
Of course, Jean.
It's an incredible idea.
We must solve our own problems.
Ms. Electra taught that to me.
Hmm. Oh, really?
Well, ready?
[both] Mm-hmm.
[Jean] One, two...
three!
[water splashes]
[waves splashing]
[King growling]
Do you think we're safe?
I think.
I guess I shouldn't
be worried then.
♪ The Secret Blue Water
[waves splashing]
[Nadia] Say, Jean...
[Jean] Huh?
[Nadia] ...where are we?
Um...
Is this Africa?
Uh, no.
You see those
palm trees over there?
Those aren't
indigenous to Africa.
Oh.
What a pity.
[groans]
[waves splashing]
[Marie giggling]
Yeah, don't
destroy this one, King.
I know you want
to but it's not nice.
Only children.
What are you talking about?
You're nothing but
a child yourself, Jean.
Hey, why are you so jumpy?
You're really just a child
yourself too, Nadia.
I never had time to be a child,
not really.
Sorry.
I'm sorry, too.
I guess
you grew up the same way.
[chuckles]
Nadia, let's go.
-Where?
-Maybe we can find a village.
[Marie] Nadia.
Look.
I found something yummy.
-[gasps] -[Marie]
I found a whole bunch of them.
Gargoyle's army rations.
And where did
you find them, Marie?
Over there.
Nadia.
You think this could be
another Neo Atlantean base?
Let's find out.
Right.
What's all that?
I'm not sure.
It looks like
the remains of a shipwreck.
Wait a second.
It's a garfish.
[gasps]
Gargoyle could be
around here somewhere.
Right. And that's more trouble
than we need now.
It's okay. I'm sure
there's nobody out there.
[dramatic music playing]
Did it have
a battle with the Nautilus?
I guess so.
The Nautilus is
the only vessel I know
that could blow
apart a garfish like this.
[giggling]
Marie, don't run off like that.
Stay close.
I'll be very
careful, okay? [giggles]
-Marie.
-Oh, she'll be all right.
Huh?
The rust tells me that
at least a month has passed
since the ship wrecked.
Frankly, I think that if someone
survived,
then they would not
have left any food,
unless they found a town
somewhere near here.
Do you really believe that there
could be
some sort of town or
village nearby?
[gasps]
-Oh, no.
-What's the problem, Jean?
[Jean] We're right
back where we started.
[Nadia]
What makes you say that?
[Jean] Just look.
I'm scared, Jean.
Me, too.
[Marie] Nadia.
Look.
I found another one.
[both] That can only mean
that we're...
on an island!
Any sign of other people?
There's no sign at all?
Huh?
[both] Then that must mean...
it's a deserted island!
[whimsical music playing]
[stomach rumbles]
How can one person
be as unlucky as I am, Jean?
All I ever wanted
was to go to Africa,
and now I'm trapped on some
long-forgotten desert island.
[Jean] I know.
Uncle must be very worried.
He probably
thinks I'm dead by now.
Even Grandis and
the others have left us.
Right. I guess they made
their escape on the Gratan.
Remember the propellers
they used that time?
Did Hanson invent that one?
Those three were evil people
until the very end.
They got exactly
what they deserved.
I really do envy Hanson.
I wish I could invent
something useful for once.
There are a lot more important
things in life than inventions.
[stomach rumbles]
[Nadia] I'm so hungry.
[Jean] We should try to find
something to eat soon
before it gets dark.
It's too far.
We'll starve to death, and
that's the saddest thing of all.
I got it. Marie
and King could...
-[both] Hmm?
-Boat! There's a boat!
-There's a boat over there.
-Where?
[Jean] Right there.
[all] Hey!
Hey!
It's just no use because
there's no way they can hear us.
You give up far
too easily, Nadia.
Watch this.
Hey!
[water splashing]
[sighs] It was no use.
[dramatic music playing]
I'm so hungry.
I know.
[Marie] Here.
Look, it's rations
from the captain's cabin.
Where did you get that, Marie?
I brought it over.
[both] How did you do that?
I walked.
[both] But how?
[Marie] See, Jean,
we can walk right to it.
The tide has gone out.
Lucky.
Uh, problem.
What problem?
We don't have a can opener.
Oh, I don't care.
I couldn't eat any of the food
they kept on
the Nautilus anyway.
Yes, but we're
going to starve to death.
Jean, King can open them.
I don't see how.
Huh?
[roars]
[munching]
-[gasps] -That's not
good for your insides, King.
-Oh, King.
-The food is for us all.
Okay. Let's eat.
You had more than enough to eat,
didn't you, boy?
You did a good job.
[whines]
[Jean] This is okay
for you to eat, Nadia.
Yeah, but what is it?
It's a whole can
of chopped and fried potatoes.
Hmm.
[sniffs]
Delicious. [chuckles]
-Do you think so?
-Yes.
But that is the very same
seasoning
that they use on the meat.
Who cares? I'm not opposed
to eating the seasoning, Jean,
just the flesh of animals.
[Jean] So I guess it's just
all a matter of like and
dislike then?
[Marie] That's right.
[all] Likes and dislikes!
Likes and dislikes!
[Nadia] Never mind.
[dramatic music playing]
Don't step on it.
What is all of this?
I'm trying to figure out
the location of this island
from the position of the stars.
[gasps] Nadia.
It's okay.
You don't need to do that, Jean.
Why not?
We are the only ones
on this entire island.
There's no evil around here
and there are no people
that I hate around me.
If Marie and
King are by my side,
then I can spend the rest
of my life on this island.
Nadia...
what about me?
[singing in Japanese]